---
title: 什么是内源性致热源
date: 2023-03-01
tags: [""]
--- 

## Mnemonic

## Contents
Endogenous pyrogen => ¿<span class="QnAQ">what is the origin of the word pyrogen</span>? ⇒  ¡<span class="QnAA">The word "pyrogen" comes from the Greek words "pyr" (meaning "fire") and "genes" (meaning "born of"), literally meaning "<mark>born of fire</mark>". It originally referred to substances that were produced by bacteria or other microorganisms that caused fever or elevated body temperature in animals. Pyrogens can also refer to substances that are produced by the body in response to infection or inflammation, which can then stimulate the immune system and cause fever. Today, the term "pyrogen" is often used to refer to substances that are used to induce fever in laboratory animals for research purposes.</span>!


- 内源性致热源又叫做白细胞致热源
¿<span class="QnAQ">内源性致热原与外源性致热源物质成分的区别</span>? ⇒  ¡<span class="QnAA">Endogenous pyrogens are substances that are produced within the body and can induce a fever response. The most important endogenous pyrogen is a cytokine called interleukin-1 (IL-1), which is produced by various cells in response to infection, inflammation, or other stimuli.Other endogenous pyrogens include tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and interferon-alpha (IFN-alpha). These cytokines can also be produced in response to infection or inflammation and can induce fever by acting on the hypothalamus, which is the part of the brain that controls body temperature.</span>! => ¿<span class="QnAQ">what is the origin of the word interluekin</span>? ⇒  ¡<span class="QnAA">The word "interleukin" is derived from the Greek prefix <mark>"inter-" meaning "between," and "leukos," meaning "white,"</mark> referring to white blood cells. Interleukins are a group of signaling molecules (cytokines) that are produced and released by white blood cells, and they play a role in regulating the immune response. </span>!

<ul>
  <li>¿<span class="QnAQ">why are prostaglandin and histamine inducing fever not considered as true endogenous pryogen</span>? ⇒  ¡<span class="QnAA">they can induce fever, though, they are not specifically produced to intruoduce fever</span>!</li>
</ul>
